Ingredients for baklavalık yufka / phyllo dough for Baklava:
1100 gr flour
3 eggs
pinch of salt
about 250 ml water
about 1 Tbsp melted butter
about 250 gr wheat starch

How to make:
Over clean working table, put flour, make a well in the middle. Pour in eggs, salt and melted butter. Start to mix that mixture with your fingers. Slowly add water small amount at a time while start mix the liquid with the flours.
Knead until you get smooth and elastic dough. You might need less or more water, just do it carefully until you get right consistency dough.
Divide the dough into 10~15  small balls, cover with damp towel and rest for about 10 minutes.
Start working one ball at a time. With rolling pin, open and roll the dough as thin as you can. Do to all balls. Spread generously wheat starch over each sheet/ dough then start roll them together until you get thinner and wide layers. Note: I saw my mother in law make it, you can do 5 dough at a time. Use thin and long rolling pin/ phyllo rolling.
After you get your phyllo ready, continue as method to make baklava above. 


Ingredients and how to make baklava:

Thick sugar syrup (make it ahead):
1800 gr sugar
900 ml water
juice from 1 lemon ( zest also)
2 tbsp corn syrup (optional)
Mix all syrup ingredients in sauce pan, cook over medium heat until sugar dissolve and boiling. Remove from heat and let it stand to room temperature.

Ingredients for baklava:
1 pack (800 gr) ready bought baklavalık yufka (44 sheets), or you can check how to make phyllo sheet above
400 ~500 gr unsalted butter, melted
about 500~600 gr finely chopped/ground walnuts (you can use pistachio)
400~500 gr kaymak/ smilar to clotted cream (it's optional but it'll make different yummy taste) 
ground pistachio for serving
How to:
1. Lightly brush baking pan (mine 40 x 25 x 4 cm) with melted butter. Pre heat oven at 150 deg C.
2. Cut your phyllo dough (sheets) according to your pan size. If you have some left over from that cutting, you can use them for Şöbiyet baklava .
3. Now working one sheet at a time; take one phyllo sheet and lay over baking tray, then take another sheet, lay over 1st layer, that's 2nd layer. Take another sheet lay over 2nd layer, that will be 3rd layer. Brush lightly with melted butter. Do another 3 layers and brush again with melted butter until you get 15 layers. 
 Note: you need to prepare a wide damp kitchen towel. Always cover your baklavalık yufka with damp towel to prevented from drying.
4. When you get 15th layer,no need to brush with butter but spread half portion of kaymak (if use) evenly over the phyllo sheet then spread half portion chopped walnut/ pistachio evenly.
5. Cover with another 3 layers, brush with melted butter. Do same method until you get 30 layers, spread another half portion kaymak and another half portion chopped walnuts/ pistachio again.
6. Continue layering baklava but this time you should brush with melted butter every 1 layer until you finish 44 layers. 44 layers of baklava is common traditional Gaziantep baklava.
7. With very sharp knife, cut baklava layers into rectangle shape (or diamond shape). Generously spread the rest of melted butter over cut baklava, especially between the cutting part.
8. Bake in oven until golden brown on surface. I use low temperature (140~150 deg C) so can cook thoroughly to bottom layers to give crisp layer to the bottom side.
9. Take out from oven once it's brown golden on surface then soak with sugar syrup.
Serve at room temperature.

Read more at http://myhomediaryinturkey.blogspot.com/2015/10/turkish-baklava-easy-recipe.html#fOCrWOfoUZJOdYuA.99